Add missing detail regarding jenkins.io components (#6049)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/projects/gsoc/2023/project-ideas/alternative-jenkinsio-build-tool.adoc

The outcome of this project is expected to produce visible impact they can showcase in their portfolio of the link:https://www.jenkins.io/[jenkins.io] website, as the GSoC contributor is also expected to contribute via UI/UX improvements beyond the basic tooling required.

> Please note that for the UI/UX improvement portion we may need to deal with the link:https://github.com/jenkins-infra/jenkins-io-components[jenkins-io-components repo], where the code for the link:https://www.jenkins.io/[jenkins.io] website is currently hosted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that for the UI/UX improvement portion we may need to deal with the link:https://github.com/jenkins-infra/jenkins-io-components[jenkins-io-components repo], where the code for components shared by various Jenkins websites (link:https://www.jenkins.io/[jenkins.io], link:https://plugins.jenkins.io/[plugins.jenkins.io], etc.) is currently hosted.
```

Author: Thanks for the suggested correction @zbynek
